1-7 Keep the same.

Let's keep the book choice. We'll use it for something in just a bit.
8) Choice on whether to take book from Naoko or not.
9) Take the book from Naoko. Afterwards talk to Naoko and learn her name.
10) Kurumi admits she doesn't have a book. Borrows one from Raichi.
11) Class continues. Notice Mana with an earphone in one ear, holding necklace. Emphasize her "I don't care" attitude (She doesn't have a whole lot of time in the first chapter).
She leaves early.

12) Class ends for lunch. Head up to the roof.
See Naoko who's checking her phone. She's obsessed with rumors about what's going on in the city. Subtly hint that Kurumi leaves phone.

13) Only available if choice 10 was taken.
Return book to Raichi.
They talk, and get lunch on the roof.
Cover: Why did Kurumi come to this city?
Hint at why Raichi came to this city as well.
Emphasize Raichi's somewhat-out-of-touch personality.
Subtly hint that Kurumi leaves phone.
Raichi gets a message on his phone, and leaves early.

14. Kurumi eats lunch alone on the roof.
Reflect upon some backstory element of Kurumi.

15. Head back to class, encounter Naoko in the hallway checking phone.
She's obsessed with rumors about what's going on in the city.

16. Back to class.
Don't see Raichi or Pink Haired girl (we don't know her name yet), odd.
Teacher comes in and makes an announcement.
Class canceled for the rest of the day.
Leave school building as soon as possible.
(Don't want anything that will cause any sort of panic or suspicion among the students).

17. Naoko is extremely suspicious of what's going on, tells Kurumi.
Available if saw scenes 12 or 15.

18. Kurumi passing through the school grounds. Has an odd feeling (notices something strange?), but ignores it. Leaves.

19. Walk home. Think about what has happened.
Should text parents and tell them what happened.
Check and phone's gone, must have left at school.
She's worried. Turns around and heads back.

20. Back at school.
Sky has gotten noticeably darker, having an odd feeling.
Where could she have left the phone? Should retrace steps.

(2 of these 3 scenes must be viewed to trigger appearance of scene 24)
21. Check bathroom. Nothing. (Can we think of something interesting to happen here?)

22. Check classroom. Nothing.
See Pink Haired girl's headphones on her desk.

23. Check roof.
On the far side, see the Pink-Haired Girl.
Pink-Haired Girl sees her too, then jumps down from her ledge (and out of sight).
Kurumi rushes over and finds no trace of her. What is going on?
(Does not find the phone)

24. Keep searching through the hall, retracing steps.
Feel a rumbling and sound coming from the school yard.
Look outside, faint lines on the ground glowing.
Head to school yard to see what's going on.

25. Ground shaking as she makes her way to the school yard.
Lines on the ground glowing, howling wind and sky night black.
Shadow monster crawls out from circle: ([http://www.spotcos.com/mymagicalbestfriend/pres/monsters.png] bottom left).
It stares at her, then leaps and attacks.
Kurumi passes out. (What can we do to make this "scary" and "dramatic"?)

26. Wakes up, it's night time and she's at the park.
Was it all a dream?
Beside her is Raichi.
Says that he found her lying unconscious in the school yard. What was she doing there?
Kurumi: Forgot phone, went back to find it.
Kurumi checks pocket and finds phone.
Raichi says that she shouldn't have done that. Vague on the details.
He leaves, and says that he'll see her tomorrow at school.
